When learning about the myth of Sisyphus, the idea for what I wanted to do hit me instantaneously. I wanted to make a cluttered personal computer, overrun with images that you have to delete, and once you go to delete them, they reappear on your desktop. The process is circular in that way; you can never truly delete all of the memes on your computer, no matter how hard you try.

For Sisyphus, he had to continuously push the rock up the hill, and once he got close to the top, it fell back down. My representation is Sisyphus is a far more modern interpretation of medial labour. Cleaning your cluttered computer screen can feel as though you are pushing a rock up hill, especially if it’s a cluttered mess. Being unable to truly clean your desktop background is punishment of its own right. If everything you ever deleted on reappeared when you emptied your trash can, people would be faced with lack of storage space.

I’m not exactly sure why I decided on memes as the images chosen. I guess because it hits me more personally than just random images, and I feel as though it hurts more that you can never truly rid yourself of memes. Memes are always there, no matter how hard you try to avoid them. If they aren’t internet memes, they are cultural memes.

I wanted it to feel like a personal computer, so originally, I wanted to use the draw function and switch case to switch between the screens, however that didn’t exactly work out for me. Instead, I simply created separate html pages, and had the power button link to the next html page. It was the simplest way to get what I wanted done. This, though, was the last thing I did. The most important thing, for me, was to figure out the drag and drop feature for the images, and how to have all of the images randomly reappear on screen. I did this using JQuery UI: its remove class, add class, Math.random, Math.min and Math.max. With a fair bit of help from Pippin, it was easy to get the code to work smoothly.

Most of this game uses JQuery and JQuery UI to handle events, dialog pop-ups, and in some cases css. It made the game more responsive, and allowed me more possibilities to play with the code, that simply JavaScript or HTML alone would not be able to provide. JQuery and JQuery UI allow for immediate response, removable and addition to certain elements within HTML. This way, the HTML doesn’t feel hard coded, and I don’t have to deal with nested if statements to deal with each and every single variable that this game could have had, without JQuery.

Everything else that came after was for stylization sake. While I wanted to make the folders draggable, I decided against that since it would be confusing to the player, so the folder icons are static. For the audio aspect, I had wanted to add a music player, to make it seem as though you were listening to music while cleaning up your computer, but the code was no co-operating with my current code, and I decided against implementing it, for the sake of simplistic trans bin sounds. There’s a sound effect for when an image gets dragged into the trash, and a sound effect for when the trash bin is emptied. Finally, there is a sound effect when you power on the computer.

All in all, I hope the game feels like an insufferable, yet relatable and aesthetically pleasing experience. I was hoping the visuals seemed appealing, to make it seem as though nothing were wrong, only for the game to be frustrating when nothing was removing itself from the desktop. I, personally, am satisfied with the outcome of the game, and I hope others are as well.
