This project was a lot more difficult than I had originally anticipated. I found myself at a loss of creativity for what exactly I wanted to do to represent the wrongness with the internet. Interpreting the article, not only in aesthetics, but in content as well, was a difficult task to undertake. Originally, I had simply wanted to do something in the vein of clickbait, but I simply decided to put that aside and perfect my coding skill, than trying to make an over the top project that was out of my skill range.

So, I reused code from previous projects, as well as concepts, to make something different than what I had done in the past. The project fells incredibly simple, reusing the slamina arrays, as well as the randomization I made from project one, but I feel as though I’ve integrated them together in a way that makes them different from both projects.

In this project, you seem as though you’re generating a random title, and effectively, the words are incredibly random. I wasn’t exactly concerned if the title made sense or not, I just wanted random stuff and decided to not concern myself much about it. I had wanted to make it like an SEO, but decided against that, because I knew it was just too complex for my coding level. I decided to stick with my guns, and make the CSS as simple as possible.

So, I decided to add another array called “strangeWords” which aren’t exactly strange, but definitely are strange. They’re meant to be bad thoughts. They’re a collection of things I wrote, as well as quotes I found on the internet, wrapped into one negative bow. I have responsive voice read them out, because they do not show up on screen. The whole point is that they are not seen, but only heard, to add contrast with the randomized, light hearted title on screen. It’s also supposed to contrast with the sweet flower background.

Finally, I decided to add in random, violent images, similar to how the YouTube children videos have violent content in them, inappropriate for the type of video they’re supposed to be.  In this case, the image is from a game called “Doki Doki Literature Club”, specifically Sayori’s death scene. The scene itself made me incredibly uncomfortable and vulnerable, so I thought it would be the perfect image to have randomly appear multiple times on screen as you generate a new title.

Believe it or not, the most difficult part was getting Sayori’s image to work properly, without moving the button, since originally, after each time it added, it would move the button, and the screen size would increase. I actually really didn’t want the scrolling effect at all, since I thought it ruined the simplistic/minimalistic aesthetic that was currently going on. So, instead of having it in a div or in the body, I put the img tag inside of a span tag, to make thing more consistent, and so that each element would be divided. Originally, I put the image in a div tag, but then it would show up inside the button, then, I decided to put it within the body, but it would move the button around every time it added a new image. I didn’t like that. So, I decided to put it within a span tag, and it worked perfectly.

All in all, despite the inconveniences, problems, and other issues I had working on this project, I feel proud of the coding I have done, because I utilized what I knew, and added a bit on top to try and push what I know.
