“Typewriters are evil” originally did have a typewriter like element in its inception, but over the course of the working period, the typewriter element had been removed for practicality sake. “Typewriters are evil” is in fact a somewhat comical take on Hal from 2001: A Space Odyssey. It would be a good time to mention I have never actually seen that specific movie, but Hal has become a timeless character, that began the trope of evil AI. So, I too wrote a code about a somewhat malefic AI named ANNA (Artificial Neural Network Assistant) that’s intentions are somewhat dubious in nature.
Personally, this project was difficult in its conception. I wasn’t quite sure what I wanted to do, and how I wanted to do it. A lot of resources were presented to me, so much so that I felt completely overwhelmed and at a loss of what to do. So much was pilling up around me, I simply felt lost. So, I took a step back, and re-examined this project in simplistic terms. What did I want to do? I wanted to make a visual novel-esque evil robot simulator. How was I going to do it? I was going to do it using JavaScript, Pizzicato.js and Responsive Voice. So, with those things in mind, I went to work.
Of course, as stated, this project was brought on by a typewriter effect, and most of my time, at the beginning of this project, had been spent on making the script work, without anything else to the project. So, I eventually had to scrap the original typewriter effect for the sake of making my project simple for me to work with. It still came out interesting enough, just without the typewriter effect. However, it’s quite reminiscent of my youth, when I was making visual novels in Ren’Py, using Python. The code is even similarly structured, except without the “jump” event that Ren’Py has, I use switch cases to move between each story element. In the end, I had too big of ambitions for this project, and so little time. I had to simply tone it down for my own sake, and make elements repeat and loop themselves. Thus, this simulation is stuck in a repetitive cycle one can’t really escape from. Which is fine by me. I think the effect is kind of neat.
This really felt like a transformation of my love of creating visual novels, with JavaScript instead of Python, as well as simplistically exploring the concept of an evil AI assistant that watches your every move, and yet tries to make it seem as though it’s not, and when you know too much, starts over again. I would have loved to have so much more time to expand upon the project, but it probably would have taken two months of coding, rather than 3 weeks, because of so many story elements and variables. I already had to tone down the selection to stay within the time limit I had, and make it easy upon myself. Truly, time was my own worst enemy.
